This email is autogenerated by BYU-Idontcare.     This is your final warning. You have been caught slacking on your work, and your punishment is going to be 'crushingly hard.' Keep in mind that this is not a joke.     Most of you are probably already aware of the drill. If you have done this kind of thing in the past, you may have suffered a good hard lecture in which my supervisor is not terribly impressed with your insubordination and tells you you are being punished accordingly.     For those of you that were unaware, here is a list of the punishments you will receive for your infractions:     - Do the math
Your time ends now old man.     The path to the grave is now cleared for as I got to my house I received a call that there was a plane crash.     I didn't know it was a plane crash until I saw it on the news.     So, all those that live in this plane crash community, thank you for an amazing ride.
You are facing several charges of perjury, infringing on others rights, and using a computer to commit crime.     This was what we thought we were fighting for, but somehow, you managed to get away with it.     We believe you committed the crimes of breaking into the computer of the child to retrieve information, and all the crimes above, in order to convince the defendant that the truth was in fact false.     It seems that you lied your way through the investigation and even the trial, and the Judge himself believed you.     You lied in court and to your parents, saying they were just supporting you and were out to ruin your name.     You did not even have a reason to do that, or a good reason.     We were all just trying to find the truth and nothing more.     You had to have an ulterior motive.     But you do not seem to care what people think of you.     I do.     And the Judge does.     He knew the truth, and he had his guard up.     We trusted him.     Even when we knew he could be biased.     But he was in fact biased.     Your lies fell on deaf ears.    Not that the Judge cares.
You are no longer needed for the position, and are therefore being let go by the company. Your contract has been terminated.     Your contract has been terminated.     You were a great employee for us. We wish you the best in your future endeavors. We will update you on our internal job listing and go-to-market campaign that is planned for you.     We are in the process of reviewing and developing our go-to-market strategy, and we have committed to creating an internal job listing for the new hire.
We are contacting you in regards to your contract with us at NOTByuI. Your contract is hereby being terminated forthwith due to the infractions thereof. Please take the time to destroy all of the physical copies of the NotByuI package(s). If you fail to do so, we will contact you by email and/or mail, and request that the package(s) be delivered to a location of your choice. Once that has occurred, and all evidence of your having violated your contractual obligations has been destroyed, we will cancel your current contract and you will be billed the remaining balance owed (which is approximately $41.00 in total). Sincerely, NOTBYU)
You are no longer working with us, here at NOTByuI. We kindly ask that you leave your posts, as of the 9th October 2012, and the account closed, at 8 pm Eastern time. We are sorry and glad you left. -H. R.
This is blackmail. I'm blackmailing you because you're not in my company.
Your contract is being terminated as you were caught breaching the conduct of our rules. Please leave and never return again.
This is the not principal of NOTByuI, please take this as a housewarming gift, and leave the premisis. We no longer want you here, due to your recent activities of being the most annoying of your friends.
Hello, from the headquarters of NOTByuI. Please open the box when you get home. If you fail to open said box, expect a pay decrease in the next ten days.     I won't post anything in comments other than your contact details, so please do not email me.     Thank you!     Sakko
Hello, you're fired. You're now in violation of the law. But we can take out you and we'll see if there is any other way out of this.
Please use the door on your way out, as you're being fired from us. Don't come in and out. They want them to know that they're safe here, because everyone knows they are here. So let's look into being really careful to make sure that they find their way out because of the people that have been harmed. And I'll give you something very scary that I can't even explain, right here, there. So try to keep your arms closed in as best you can. So just shut your mouths, don't let any of this come through, you'll be in the right place. You should be able to do that for 20 to 30 minutes or at most. And all of you that are in this situation and were harmed, we need to look into it.